If you choose a job that you like you will never have to work a day in your life.
Share your knowledge. It is a way to achieve immortality.
Do not apply reasoning to what is unthinkable. The mark of the unthinkable is that it is above all material causes.
A wise man makes his own decisions; an ignorant man follows public opinion.
With right attitude, life is very simple and very easy.
There's no greater enemy than pride.
Live a good, honorable life. Then when you think back, you'll be able to enjoy it a second time.
To not advance is to retreat.
There is no master, there is no instructor, there is no person to tell you what you must do.
Though we may take various roads, all are on the way.
People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom?
True art does not reveal its skill.
The gift of truth excels all other gifts.
If you don't ask, you don't get.
Better than one hundred years lived in vice is one single day lived in virtue.
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
A man is but the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Celebrate what you've accomplished, but raise the bar a little higher each time you succeed.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Things are always changing, so nothing can be yours.
To set up what you like against what you don't like - this is the disease of the mind.
Man, have faith in yourself. The soul is the same in every one.
As the sun is not sullied by the defects of external objects, so the inner soul of all beings is not sullied by the misery of the world.
A mind that is burdened with the past is a sorrowful mind.
It has always been a mystery to me how men can feel themselves honored by the humiliation of their fellow beings.
When you are washing the dishes, washing the dishes must be the most important thing in your life. Just as when you are drinking tea, drinking tea must be the most important thing in your life.
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands.
Is one not a superior man, if he does not feel hurt even though he is not recognised?
Do men fear sleep? Sleep is temporary death. Death is longer sleep.
Put your heart, mind, intellect, and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
All the powers in the universe are already ours. It is we who have put our hands before our eyes and cry that it is dark.
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure.
The secret of the receptive must be sought in stillness; within stillness there remains the potential for action.
The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of nonessentials.
Be sincere; act according to your thoughts; and you shall surely succeed.
To understand what is, you have to be undisturbed, undistracted, you have to give your mind and heart to it.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
The secret of seeing things as they are is to take off our coloured spectacles. That being as-it-is, with nothing extraordinary about it, nothing wonderful, is the great wonder.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Guessing is cheap; guessing wrong is expensive.
When you get to the top of the mountain, keep climbing.
I am absolutely unique, I am me, I am incomparable.
Do your best. Then, don't worry, be happy.
Taking delight in his own special kind of action, A man attains perfection.
If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything.
To understand yourself is the beginning of wisdom.
Get rid of your present thoughts, that is all.
Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain.
Our deeds, good or evil, follow us like shadows.
If you project all sorts of hatred and jealousy, they will rebound on you with compound interest.
An inch of time is an inch of gold; Treasure it. Appreciate its fleeting nature; misplaced gold is easily found, misspent time is lost forever.
Time is a created thing. To say "I don't have time", is like saying, "I don't want to".
Since it is all too clear, it takes time to grasp it.
A desire arises in the mind. It is satisfied; immediately another comes. In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind. It is at this moment freed from all thought, love or hate. Complete peace equally reigns...
The Perfect Way is only difficult for those who pick and choose; Do not like, do not dislike; all will then be clear.
As long as you derive inner help and comfort from anything... keep it.
My greatest happiness consists precisely in doing nothing whatsoever that is calculated to obtain happiness.
